README.md, before:

## About
 
Shared task organised in the context of the [impresso](http://impresso-project.ch) project, and accepted as a [CLEF 2020](https://clef2020.clef-initiative.eu/) Evaluation Lab.  Its goal is to carry out a named entity processing evaluation campaign on diachronic newspapers material in French, German and English.

## Evaluation tasks

**Task 1**: Named Entity Recognition and Classification (NERC)

- **Subtask 1.1** *NERC Essentials*: this task includes the recognition and classification of high-
level entity types (Person, Organisation, Location, Product)
- **Subtask 1.2** *NERC fine-grained*: includes ‘NERC Essentials’, plus the detection and
classification at sub-type level and the detection of NE components (e.g. function, title, name)

**Task 2**: Named Entity Linking (EL).

- **Subtask 2.1** *Entity coreference resolution*: given a set of mentions within and across
documents, the objective is to cluster coreferent mentions and give them a cross-document
identifier.
- **Subtask 2.2** *Entity Linking*: this task includes the linking of named entity mentions to a
unique referent in a knowledge base (KB) or to a NIL node if the mention does not have a
referent in the KB. The chosen KB is [Wikidata](https://wikidata.org).

## Important dates (tentative)

- end of November 2019: release of sample data for both tasks (NERC and EL)
- end of January 2020: release of full data for both tasks
- early May 2020: test/evaluation phase (one week)
- June: workshop organisation and submission of papers
- 22-25 Sept 2020: Conference in Greece


## Organizers

- Maud Ehrmann (EPFL)
- Matteo Romanello (EPFL)
- Simon Clematide (University of Zurich)

Commit message:

small update: added corpus and organizers' links

README.md, after:

## About

HIPE is a shared task organised in the context of the [impresso](http://impresso-project.ch) project, and accepted as a [CLEF 2020](https://clef2020.clef-initiative.eu/) Evaluation Lab.  Its goal is to carry out a named entity processing evaluation campaign on diachronic newspapers material in French, German and English.

## Corpus

The corpus will be composed of French, German and English newspaper articles sampled among eight Swiss, Luxembourgish and British/American (still TBD) historical newspapers on a diachronic basis. It will be publicly released as part of the shared task.

## Evaluation tasks

**Task 1**: Named Entity Recognition and Classification (NERC)

- **Subtask 1.1** *NERC Essentials*: this task includes the recognition and classification of high-
level entity types (Person, Organisation, Location, Product)
- **Subtask 1.2** *NERC fine-grained*: includes ‘NERC Essentials’, plus the detection and
classification at sub-type level and the detection of NE components (e.g. function, title, name)

**Task 2**: Named Entity Linking (EL).

- **Subtask 2.1** *Entity coreference resolution*: given a set of mentions within and across
documents, the objective is to cluster coreferent mentions and give them a cross-document
identifier.
- **Subtask 2.2** *Entity Linking*: this task includes the linking of named entity mentions to a
unique referent in a knowledge base (KB) or to a NIL node if the mention does not have a
referent in the KB. The chosen KB is [Wikidata](https://wikidata.org).

## Important dates (tentative)

- end of November 2019: release of sample data for both tasks (NERC and EL)
- end of January 2020: release of full data for both tasks
- early May 2020: test/evaluation phase (one week)
- June: workshop organisation and submission of papers
- 22-25 Sept 2020: [CLEF 2020 Conference in Greece](https://clef2020.clef-initiative.eu/)


## Organizers

- [Maud Ehrmann](https://impresso-project.ch/consortium/people/#maud-ehrmann) (EPFL)
- [Matteo Romanello](https://impresso-project.ch/consortium/people/#matteo-romanello) (EPFL)
- [Simon Clematide](https://impresso-project.ch/consortium/people/#simon-clematide) (University of Zurich)
